[requires]
nlohmann_json/3.11.2
opencv/4.1.2
boost/1.71.0
libcurl/7.84.0
fmt/9.1.0
gtest/1.12.1

[options]
fmt:header_only = True
opencv:with_openexr = False
opencv:with_eigen = False
opencv:with_webp = False
opencv:with_quirc = False
opencv:with_gtk = False
opencv:with_ffmpeg = False
opencv:shared = False
opencv:with_ade = False
boost:without_atomic = True
boost:without_chrono = True
boost:without_container = True
boost:without_context = True
boost:without_contract = True
boost:without_coroutine = True
boost:without_date_time = True
boost:without_exception = True
boost:without_fiber = True
boost:without_filesystem = True
boost:without_graph = True
boost:without_graph_parallel = True
boost:without_iostreams = True
boost:without_locale = True
boost:without_log = True
boost:without_math = True
boost:without_mpi = True
boost:without_program_options = False
boost:without_python = True
boost:without_random = True
boost:without_regex = True
boost:without_serialization = True
boost:without_stacktrace = True
boost:without_system = True
boost:without_test = True
boost:without_thread = True
boost:without_timer = True
boost:without_type_erasure = True
boost:without_wave = True
boost:zlib = False


[generators]
cmake_find_package
cmake_paths
